Fix 404 links to solver pages. (#283)
SciML/StochasticDiffEq.jl: README.md

## Available Solvers

> For the list of available solvers, please refer to the [DifferentialEquations.jl SDE Solvers page](https://docs.sciml.ai/v6.9/solvers/sde_solve/) and the [RODE Solvers page](https://docs.sciml.ai/v6.9/solvers/rode_solve/).

Reviewer: Thanks! I'd suggest adding links to the stable docs instead:

```suggestion
For the list of available solvers, please refer to the [DifferentialEquations.jl SDE Solvers page](https://docs.sciml.ai/stable/solvers/sde_solve/) and the [RODE Solvers page](https://docs.sciml.ai/stable/solvers/rode_solve/).
```

Author: yes,  that's better.
